Docs update and restructure (#4596)
mermaid-js/mermaid: packages/mermaid/src/docs/community/development.md

## Technical Requirements

You can install the requirements natively on your machine or in Docker by your choice.

<PlatformSelector :selectedPlatform="selectedPlatform" v-on:change="setPlatform" />

<div v-if="selectedPlatform === 'native'">

These are the tools we use for working with the code and documentation:

- [volta](https://volta.sh/) to manage node versions.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/). `volta install node`
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) package manager. `volta install pnpm`
- [npx](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npx) the packaged executor in npm. This is needed [to install pnpm.](#install-packages)

Follow [the setup steps below](#setup) to install them and start the development

</div>

<div v-if="selectedPlatform === 'docker'">

[Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/). And that is pretty much all you need.

Optionally, to run GUI (Cypress) within Docker you will also need X11 server installed.
Maybe you already have it installed, so check it first:

```bash
echo $DISPLAY
```

If variable `$DISPLAY` is not empty, then it must be working. Otherwise install it.

</div>

## Setup and Launch

> <PlatformSelector :selectedPlatform="selectedPlatform" v-on:change="setPlatform" />

Reviewer: Can we keep the docs pure markdown?
This is a small feature, but it's a slippery slope, and we might have to do another BIG change to get out of vitepress later.

Author: Removed

### Switch to project

Once you have cloned the repository onto your development machine, change into the `mermaid` project folder (the top level directory of the mermaid project repository)

```bash
cd mermaid
```

<div v-if="selectedPlatform === 'native'">
</div>

<div v-if="selectedPlatform === 'docker'">

### Make `./run` executable

For development using Docker there is a self-documented `run` bash script, which provides convenient aliases for `docker compose` commands.

Ensure `./run` script is executable:

```bash
chmod +x run
```

> ::: tip

Reviewer: Use ```tip, not the `:::` one.

Author: I faced some issues with it. Only `:::` was working properly. I will try it again. Perhaps the problem was with its content. I needed a code block inside

Author: Done

# Contributing to Mermaid

> You can pick [Native](/community/development) or [Docker](/community/docker-development) installation guide.

So you want to help? That's great!

![Image of happy people jumping with excitement](https://media.giphy.com/media/BlVnrxJgTGsUw/giphy.gif)

Here are a few things to get you started on the right path.

## Get the Source Code

In GitHub, you first **fork** a repository when you are going to make changes and submit pull requests.

Then you **clone** a copy to your local development machine (e.g. where you code) to make a copy with all the files to work with.

[Fork mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/fork) to start contributing to the main project and its documentaion, or [search for other repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mermaid-js/repositories).

[Here is a GitHub document that gives an overview of the process.](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)

## Technical Requirements

> > You can pick [Native](/community/development) or [Docker](/community/docker-development) installation guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The following documentation describes how to work with Mermaid in your host
> environment. There's also a
> [Docker installation guide](../community/docker-development.md) if you prefer
> to work in a Docker environment.
```

Two things:
  - The grammar for this bit is a bit confusing.
  - We should use relative links (e.g. `../xxxx.md` instead of `/xxxx`) when possible.

Author: Fixed
